feat(curriculum): add Projectile Trajectory project to SciComPy (#54839)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/07-scientific-computing-with-python/learn-encapsulation-by-building-a-projectile-trajectory-calculator/662fc35902038376c7a00b3c.md

---
id: 662fc35902038376c7a00b3c
title: Step 10
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-10
---

# --description--

Once you have the getters, you can write the setters, which allow you to set the value of a private attribute.

> Following example for last step, a setter is written as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following the example of the last step, a setter would be written as:
```
